Document sorting two documents by their `date` (#7870)
jekyll/jekyll: docs/_docs/collections.md

## Custom Sorting of Documents

> By default, documents in a collection are sorted by their `date`s (if both have that front-matter key) or by their paths (if one or both do not have the `date` key). But you can control this sorting via the collection's metadata.

Reviewer: How about being a little more verbose? What say?

```suggestion
By default, two documents in a collection are sorted by their `date` attribute when both of them have the `date` key in their front matter. However, if either or both documents do not have the `date` key in their front matter, they are sorted by their respective paths.

You can control this sorting via the collection's metadata:
```

Author: Sounds good!

Reviewer 2: It's more clear now. Good job!
